date: October 5, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<komlanaz>, <jrhoeber>, <josephpu>]

absent: []

excused_absences: [ ubit: <fgpinnoc>, reason: Career fair # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
]

  task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: Assembled models, basics are done},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: CSS is done},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: Scrapped OAuth2, began LDAPS},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: Unknown}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included

  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  OAuth2 Is being abandoned for LDAPS, told by Jesse that imcompletion is fine for the sprint since it was the result of a delay
  Progress updates around the table
  We are generally on track for sprint 2!
