date: October 4, 2016
meeting_type: instructor # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<josephpu>, <jrhoeber>, <fgpinnoc>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, reason: Had class, known before the meeting.}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: Worked on building models.},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: Began implementing file upload for resumes},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: Implemented front end google sign in, started back end handling},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: Worked on views}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <josephpu>, issue: Waiting for info on SSL for LDAP from Jesse.},
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  Discussed the time frame for LDAP. Google will be used for sprint 2, but we should have SSL for sprint 3
  Jesse -> Getting info from UB for filling out the forms will not happen, give up on that. The system will not handle it
  Generate reports on sprint 4
  Should ask people for person numbers.
  # Jesse's title for web master ->"Master of Web Systems Administration" aka Carl
  Algorithm implementation-> we will have a default algorithm for student matching, models should be robust enough to handle "plug and play"
  Algorithm should handle hours
  Discussed system handling of time-line (when does the job post, how long do we wait to hire? what about how many hours they can offer? etc.)
  Track step by step how to deploy this app to the server in prep for sprint 5.