
date: September 10, 2016
meeting type: ta 
attendance: [<josephpu>, <jrhoeber>] 
absent: [<komlanaz>, <fgpinnoc>] 
excused_absences:[ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members ] 
task_progress:[ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: Discussed shibolleth with Jesse},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: Began setting up meetings with Dr. Alphonce},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: worked on login page and professor page},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: worked on login page, learned html and css}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  Discussed the setup of the Django server, as well as how to do authentication.
  Assigned tasks to all four people

