date: September 28, 2016
meeting type: group
attendance: [<jrhoeber>, <komlanaz>, <fgpinnoc>]  
excused_absences:[<josephpu>] #Sick 
task_progress:[ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <jrhoeber>, progress: Set up local Django site},
  {ubit: <josephpu>, progress: Started working on auth},
  {ubit: <fgpinnoc>, progress: Setting up Django local host},
  {ubit: <komlanaz>, progress: working on CSS}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
    Discussed current status of project and plan moving forward
    Discussed Sprint 2 objectives 
    Discussed community points